GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS JOE WONG.
BUT, TO MOST PEOPLE I AM KNOWN
00:00:14,000 --> 00:00:13,999
AS WHO?
[LAUGHTER]
00:00:24,000 --> 00:00:23,999
WHO IS ACTUALLY MY MOTHER'S
MAIDEN NAME.
[LAUGHTER]
AND THE ANSWER TO MY CREDIT CARD
00:00:31,000 --> 00:00:30,999
SECURITY QUESTION.
[LAUGHTER]
YOU ARE LOOKING AT A SIDE AND I
WANT TO REASSURE EVERYBODY THAT
00:00:44,000 --> 00:00:43,999
I AM INVITED HERE TONIGHT.
[LAUGHTER]
00:00:52,000 --> 00:00:51,999
I GREW UP IN CHINA, WHO DIDN'T?
[LAUGHTER]
MY CHILDHOOD MEMORIES ARE
00:01:03,000 --> 00:01:02,999
TOTALLY RUINED BY MY CHILDHOOD.
[LAUGHTER]
WHEN I WAS IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL,
AS PART OF THE CURRICULUM, I HAD
TO WORK IN A RICE PADDY RIGHT
NEXT TO A QUARRY WHERE THEY USED
EXPLOSIVE TO BREAK ROCKS.
AND THAT IS WHERE I LEARNED THAT
00:01:27,000 --> 00:01:26,999
LIGHT TRAVELS FASTER THAN SOUND.
[LAUGHTER]
WHICH IS ALMOST AS SLOW AS A
00:01:34,000 --> 00:01:33,999
FLYING ROCK.
[LAUGHTER]
MY DAD WAS A GRUMPY GUY BUT
OCCASIONALLY HE WOULD TRY TO
CHEER ME UP WITH JOKES.
BUT HE DOESN'T DO IT RIGHT.
WHEN I WAS SEVEN 71 DAY HE SAID
TO ME, HERE SON, WHY IS TOFU
BETTER THAN CENTRALIZED
00:01:56,000 --> 00:01:55,999
SOCIALIST ECONOMY?
[LAUGHTER]
SO FIVE MINUTES LATER I SAID,
WHY?
00:02:07,000 --> 00:02:06,999
HE SAID BECAUSE I SAID SO.
[LAUGHTER]
I CAME TO THE UNITED STATES WHEN
I WAS 24 TO STUDY AT RICE
00:02:20,000 --> 00:02:19,999
UNIVERSITY IN TEXAS.
[APPLAUSE]
00:02:24,000 --> 00:02:23,999
THAT WASN'T A JOKE.
[LAUGHTER]
UNTIL NOW.
AND I WAS USED TO SEEING CARS
WITH A LOT OF BUMPER STICKERS
00:02:40,000 --> 00:02:39,999
THAT WERE IMPOSSIBLE TO PEEL
OFF.
ONE OF THEM SAID, IF YOU DON'T
00:02:44,000 --> 00:02:43,999
SPEAK ENGLISH, GO HOME.
[LAUGHTER]
AND I DIDN'T NOTICE FOR TWO
00:02:50,000 --> 00:02:49,999
YEARS.
[LAUGHTER]
LIKE MANY OTHER IMMIGRANTS, WE
WANTED OUR SON TO BECOME THE
PRESIDENT OF THIS COUNTRY AND WE
TRY TRIED TO MAKE HIM A LINGUAL,
CHINESE AT HOME AND ENGLISH IN
THE PUBLIC WHICH IS REALLY TOUGH
TO DO BECAUSE MANY TIMES AS I
SAID TO HIM IN PUBLIC, HEY
LISTEN IF YOU DON'T SPEAK
00:03:19,000 --> 00:03:18,999
ENGLISH, GO HOME.
[LAUGHTER]
HE WOULD SAY TO ME HEY DAD, WHY
DO I HAVE TO LEARN TWO
LANGUAGES?
I SAID SUN, ONCE YOU BECOME THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,
YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO SIGN
LEGISLATIVE BILLS AND ENGLISH
AND TALK TO DEBT COLLECTORS IN
00:03:43,000 --> 00:03:42,999
CHINESE.
[LAUGHTER]
WHEN I GRADUATED FROM RICE I
DECIDED TO STAY IN THE UNITED
STATES, BECAUSE IN CHINA I CAN'T
DO THAT THING THE THING I DO
00:04:06,000 --> 00:04:05,999
BEST HERE, BEING ETHNIC.
[LAUGHTER]
AND IN ORDER FOR ME TO BECOME A
U.S. CITIZEN I HAD TO TAKE
AMERICAN HISTORY LESSONS, WHERE
THEY ASKED US QUESTIONS LIKE,
WHO IS BENJAMIN FRANKLIN?
WE ARE LIKE, THE REASON OUR
00:04:33,000 --> 00:04:32,999
CONVENIENCE STORE WAS DEVELOPED.
[LAUGHTER]
WHAT WAS THE SECOND AMENDMENT?
WE WERE LIKE-- THE REASON OUR
00:04:50,000 --> 00:04:49,999
CONVENIENCE STORE GETS ROBBED?
[APPLAUSE]
WHAT IS ROE VERSUS WADE?
TWO WAYS OF COMING TO THE UNITED
00:05:07,000 --> 00:05:06,999
STATES?
[LAUGHTER]
LATER ON, I READ SO MUCH ABOUT
AMERICAN HISTORY THAT I STARTED
00:05:24,000 --> 00:05:23,999
TO HARBOR WIDE SKILLS.
[LAUGHTER]
IN AMERICA THEY SAY ALL MEN ARE
CREATED EQUAL BUT AFTER BIRTH,
IT KIND OF DEPENDS ON THE
PARENTS INCOME OR EDUCATION OR
00:05:40,000 --> 00:05:39,999
HEALTH CARE.
[APPLAUSE]
I READ IN MEN'S HEALTH MAGAZINE
THAT PRESIDENT OBAMA EVERY WEEK
HAS TWO CARDIO DAYS AND TWO
WEIGHTLIFTING DAYS.
YOU SEE I DON'T HAVE TO EXERCISE
00:05:57,000 --> 00:05:56,999
AS I HAVE HEALTH INSURANCE.
[LAUGHTER]
I LIVE IN MASSACHUSETTS NOW,
WHERE WE HAVE UNIVERSAL HEALTH
CARE, THEN WE ELECTED SCOTT
BROWN.
00:06:11,000 --> 00:06:10,999
TALK ABOUT MIXED MESSAGES.
[LAUGHTER]
I THINK THERE WAS A MOVIE ABOUT
HIM.
00:06:20,000 --> 00:06:19,999
IT IS CALLED KILL BILL.
[LAUGHTER]
I AM HONORED TO MEET VICE
PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN HERE TONIGHT
I ACTUALLY READ YOUR
AUTOBIOGRAPHY.
TODAY I SEE YOU.
00:06:43,000 --> 00:06:42,999
I THINK THE BOOK IS MUCH BETTER.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
THEY SHOULD HAVE HAD RED PIT OR
00:06:56,000 --> 00:06:55,999
ANGELINA JOLIE.
[LAUGHTER]
SO TO BE HONEST I WAS HONORED TO
BE HERE TONIGHT AND I HAVE
PREPARED FOR MONTHS FOR TONIGHT
SHOW.
I SHOWED MY WIFE -- MATT THE
WHITE HOUSE BY JOKES ABOUT OBAMA
AND THAT IS WHY HE DECIDED NOT
TO COME.
TAKE THAT STEPHEN COLBERT.
PRESIDENT OBAMA HAS ALWAYS BEEN
ACCUSED OF BEING TOO SOFT, BUT
HE WAS CONDUCTING TWO WARS AND
THEY STILL GAVE HIM THE NOBEL
PEACE PRIZE.
00:07:41,000 --> 00:07:40,999
AND HE ACCEPTED IT.
[LAUGHTER]
00:07:50,000 --> 00:07:49,999
YOU CAN'T BE MORE BAD THAN THAT.
[APPLAUSE]
ACTUALLY, I AM THINKING THE ONLY
WAY YOU CAN BE MORE BAD THAN
THAT IS IF YOU TAKE THE NOBEL
PEACE PRIZE MONEY AND GIVE IT TO
00:08:07,000 --> 00:08:06,999
THE MILITARY.
[LAUGHTER]
00:08:16,000 --> 00:08:15,999
ONE OF THE MANY DISTINGUISHED
JOURNAL IS HERE TONIGHT
JOURNALIST HERE TONIGHT WHO I
00:08:20,000 --> 00:08:19,999
CONSIDER AS MY PEERS -- MATT.
[LAUGHTER]
BECAUSE I USED TO WRITE FOR THE
CAMPUS NEWSPAPER.
I THINK JOURNALISM IS THE LAST
REFUGE FOR PUNS.
ONLY IN THE NEWSPAPER CAN YOU
SAY THINGS LIKE, I WAS BORN IN
THE YEAR OF THE HORSE AND THAT
00:08:47,000 --> 00:08:46,999
IS WHY I AM-- MY POINT EXACTLY.
[LAUGHTER]
TONIGHT IS MY FIRST TIME ON
C-SPAN, WHICH IS A CHANNEL I
OBVIOUSLY ALWAYS WATCH.
THE SENSATIONALISM AND
00:09:05,000 --> 00:09:04,999
DEMAGOGUERY OF PBS AND QVC.
[APPLAUSE]
IF I CAN STILL FALL ASLEEP AFTER
WATCHING C-SPAN, THERE IS
00:09:22,000 --> 00:09:21,999
C-SPAN2 AND C-SPAN3.
[APPLAUSE]
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
SO I BECAME A U.S. CITIZEN IN
2008, WHICH I AM REALLY HAPPY
00:09:40,000 --> 00:09:39,999
ABOUT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[APPLAUSE]
AMERICA IS NUMBER ONE.
THAT IS TRUE.
BECAUSE WE WON THE WORLD SERIES
00:09:51,000 --> 00:09:50,999
EVERY YEAR.
[LAUGHTER]
AFTER BECOMING A U.S. CITIZEN, I
IMMEDIATELY REGISTERED TO VOTE
FOR OBAMA AND BIDEN.
00:10:11,000 --> 00:10:10,999
YOU ARE WELCOME.
[LAUGHTER]
00:10:19,000 --> 00:10:18,999
YOU HAD ME AT GUESS WE CAN.
[LAUGHTER]
THAT WAS THEIR SLOGAN.
SO, AFTER GETTING OBAMA AND
BIDEN ELECTED, I FELT THIS POWER
TRIP.
AND I STARTED TO THINK, MAYBE I
SHOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT MYSELF.
I HAVE TO TAKE A STEP BACK AND
EXPLAIN A LITTLE BIT, BECAUSE I
HAD ALWAYS BEEN A PESSIMISTIC
GUY.
I FELT THAT LIFE IS KIND OF LIKE
BEING INTO THE SNOW ON A DARK
WINTER NIGHT.
YOU PROBABLY MADE A DIFFERENCE
00:11:01,000 --> 00:11:00,999
BUT IT IS REALLY HARD TO TELL.
[LAUGHTER]
NOW WE HAVE A PRESIDENT WHO IS
HALF BLACK, HALF WHITE.
IT JUST GIVES ME A LOT OF HOPE
BECAUSE I AM HALF NOT LACK IN
00:11:19,000 --> 00:11:18,999
HALF NOT WHITE.
[LAUGHTER]
TWO NEGATIVES MAKE A POSITIVE.
YOU MAY BE SAYING HEY, WHAT
WOULD BE YOUR CAMPAIGN SLOGAN?
YOU SEE, I SPENT 10 YEARS IN THE
00:11:40,000 --> 00:11:39,999
PAST DECADE.
[LAUGHTER]
00:11:45,000 --> 00:11:44,999
U2?
OKAY.
I UNDERSTAND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
ARE SUFFERING, SO MY CAMPAIGN
00:11:53,000 --> 00:11:52,999
SLOGAN WILL BE, WHO CARES?
[LAUGHTER]
IF ELECTED I WILL MAKE SAME-SEX
MARRIAGE NOT ONLY LEGAL BUT
00:12:10,000 --> 00:12:09,999
REQUIRED.
[LAUGHTER]
THAT WILL GET ME THE YOUTH VOTE.
YOU SEE I AM MARRIED NOW BUT I
00:12:22,000 --> 00:12:21,999
USED TO BE REALLY SCARED ABOUT
MARRIAGE.
I WAS LIKE WOW, 50% OF ALL
MARRIAGES END UP LASTING
00:12:30,000 --> 00:12:29,999
FOREVER.
[LAUGHTER]
AND I WILL ELIMINATE
UNEMPLOYMENT IN THIS COUNTRY BY
REDUCING THE PRODUCTIVITY OF THE
AMERICAN WORKFORCE.
SO, TO PEOPLE WILL HAVE TO DO
THE WORK OF ONE, JUST LIKE THE
PRESIDENT AND THE VICE
00:12:54,000 --> 00:12:53,999
PRESIDENT.
[LAUGHTER]
00:12:59,000 --> 00:12:58,999
OR THE OLSEN TWINS.
[LAUGHTER]
AND DESPITE OUR DISEASE OF
CANCER, MOST AMERICANS DIE OF
NATURAL CAUSES, SO IF ELECTED, I
WILL FIND A CURE FOR NATURAL
00:13:15,000 --> 00:13:14,999
CAUSES.
[LAUGHTER]
YOU SEEMED TO LIKE THAT ONE.
BUT YOU WON'T BE COVERED BY
HEALTH INSURANCE THOUGH.
BECAUSE OF PREEXISTING
CONDITIONS.
AND I HAVE A QUICK SOLUTION FOR
GLOBAL WARMING.
00:13:42,000 --> 00:13:41,999
I WILL SWITCH FROM FAHRENHEIT TO
CELSIUS.
[LAUGHTER]
IT WAS 100 DEGREES AND NOW IT IS
00:13:52,000 --> 00:13:51,999
40.
[LAUGHTER]
YOU ARE VERY WELCOME.
AND, I AGREE WITH FOREIGN POLICY
BECAUSE I AM FROM CHINA AND I
00:14:07,000 --> 00:14:06,999
CAN SEE RUSSIA FROM MY BACKYARD.
[APPLAUSE]
I BELIEVE THAT UNILATERALISM IS
TOO EXPENSIVE, AND OPEN DIALOGUE
IS TOO SLOW, SO IF ELECTED, I
WILL GO WITH TEXT MESSAGING.
I WILL TEXT OUR ALLIES JUST TO
00:14:32,000 --> 00:14:31,999
SAY HI.
[LAUGHTER]
AND TEXT OUR ENEMIES WHEN THEY
00:14:39,000 --> 00:14:38,999
ARE DRIVING.
[LAUGHTER]
YOU ARE BUILDING A NUCLEAR
WEAPON?
BUT YOU WERE DOING IT WRONG, LOL
I JUST WANT TO THANKED YOU FOR
HAVING ME HERE TONIGHT IN THIS
IS THE FIRST TIME -- MATT THANK
YOU SO MUCH AND HAVE A VERY GOOD
00:15:12,000 --> 00:15:11,999
NIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[APPLAUSE]